Now that we have everything set up in terms of controls on our screen, the next step is what do we
do when the timer ends?
Right now, we're just vibrating the phone at a certain pattern, but there's more things that could
happen, right, like we might want to after we vibrate.
We might want to reset everything, right?
And so basically, our on and function needs to become somewhat more complex.
So let's go say on end here is equal to a function.
And let's take the body of on end over here, and let's put it inside of this and then call on and over
here.
OK.
Now.
Over here, we basically are seeing vibrate whenever a timer has ended specifically, but when the timer
ends, we don't just want everything to stay at zero zero progress zero.
Right?
Like when it ends over here, what we want to do is we probably want to reset the timer up here, reset
the progress bar, change the pause button back to started.
Because you may want to extend your focus time on this particular subject, you may not want to just
finish.
And be done with it.
You may want to continue on with that, right?
And so with that, basically what we want to do here is we want to introduce set is started to false.
We want to introduce set progress back to one.
And then we want to reset the minutes.
What do we mean by reset minutes?
Well, we already have our default minutes predetermined in here.
You know, we decided to focus six seconds on this.
And basically right now when we run this, we aren't resetting our timer back to its original state.
Now, this isn't a consequence of us not resetting the minutes that like calling set minutes.
Zero point one here isn't going to do much for us.
They're already set to zero point one.
So what we probably want to do here is drill into our countdown timer and see specifically what's going
on.
So minutes is used over here to calculate an internal state of milliseconds, and when the timer ends,
milliseconds is at zero, we're not resetting it.
And that's the problem.
How do we reset milliseconds back to its original state?
Well, we really don't have a function for it, like we have a bunch of effects that fire when this
mounts.
So what we need to do here is at a cost reset, which is a function that's going to call set Milly's
of the original minutes to release.
OK, that reset function now, how do we invoke it?
Well, since it's a function, we can pass it as a parameter to on end.
Right?
And when we pass it as a parameter to an end, now it's being passed up to the timer.
So what we can see here is that, you know, on end is the equivalent of getting reset and then being
able to call it so we've passed our function here called on end, which means we now have the reset
inside of here and we can decide to call it over here.
And now when we start our timer and we count down all the way to zero, what we can do now is reset
the timer back to the original state of the milliseconds.
That's awesome.
That means that our timer is now in a complete state and we can continue focusing on the test subject
for as long as we need.
That's awesome.
OK.
So with that said, now we basically know, hey, we've completed focusing on this and we can focus
on it again.